Update issue templates (#193)
umdio/umdio: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/endpoint_request.md

---
name: Endpoint Request
about: Suggest a new API endpoint for this project
title: ''
labels: enhancement endpoint
assignees: ''

---

### Basic Info

- **Is this for a new endpoint, a new collection, or an update to an existing endpoint?**
- **Is this a breaking change?** 
- **What endpoint(s) are you looking for?** What new endpoint(s) do you want? Or,
if this is for an existing endpoint, which one? If you are not sure what endpoints

> apply, describe the type of data being served below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply, describe what type of data you would like umdio to provide below.
```

Reviewer: or stick with `the` instead of `what` if you prefer, I don't really care on second thought
